Art was hung delicately in the Studio.
Picnic equipment was all but abandoned in the Courtyard.
The metal was blindingly shiny in the Trophy Room.
Tomes of knowledge spanned the walls of the Library.
The trophies hung as silent witnesses on the walls of the Billiard Room.
The dishes were set in tidy rows across the Dining Room table.
The air hung damp and heavy from the lush foliage of the Conservatory.
The horses chomped merrily on their hay in the Carriage House.
The Kitchen had been cleaned up. Everything had been put away - well, almost everything...
Nature provided a quiet atmosphere in the Gazebo. Perhaps too quiet...
Mr. Boddy went to greet a guest in the Drawing Room...
Birds chirped and flitted around the Fountain.

Miss Scarlet laughed as she fixed her make-up and hair.
Colonel Mustard carefully cleaned his monocle.
Mrs. White quietly tidied up.
Mr. Green waited with anticipation.
Mrs. Peacock fidgeted nervously.
Professor Plum pretended to study his notes.
Miss Peach checked in on the state of affairs in Georgia.
Monsieur Brunette made one last art deal.
Madame Rose gazed into her crystal ball.
Sergeant Gray smoothed out his black & white trenchcoat.

suddenly grabbed
reached for
picked up
found
quickly coiled
deftly hefted
fingered
opened the lid off of

She had been hurt enough
He found the situation quite intolerable, so he...
She wouldn't take it any more
He was tired of being messed with
She might have looked harmless, but then she...
He was so frustrated he...
She was sick of it all
The money wasn't going to come through, so he...
She knew what the future was, so she...
No one expected a dirty cop, but he...

Well, well... I won, I figured it out, I cracked the case.
So I did it. Come with me, boys...
Get your hands off me, you goons. I'll go peacefully.

Ha! Victory is mine. I knew it all the time.
What am I saying? Of course I knew it! Oh no, what have I done?
This must be a mistake. Somebody call the embassy. I seem to be in a bit of a spot.

What a mess. This is dreadful business for a lady like me.
Oh my! I seem to have cooked my own goose.
How did you know? I cleaned my trail completely. I'll be back!

Ya' never shoulda messed with me, kid.
I won! I won! I'm on my way to prison, but I won!
Hey, what's this? I got friends in high places, buddy.

Surely you could not have expected anyone lesser to have come to the conclusion.
Oh no, me and my big mouth... I seem to have done it again.
This is too much. My lawyers will be getting in touch with all of you.

Just a simple matter of deduction. Even a child could have found the solution.
What was I thinking? How could I have done such a thing.
I'm sorry, sorry, sorry...

Georgia Peach is number 1!
Georgia Peach has diplomatic immunity, suckers!
Was I too obvious? Oh dear...

Onwards and upwards... that is what I say.
Murder, schmurder... so what?
Can I bribe you with this art piece? No?

I foresaw this conclusion since before the beginning, of course.
This is all according to fate. I am at peace...
Yes yes, I knew I'd be caught... I'll come along quietly.

My notes were immaculate, I couldn't lose!
I have connections, you know! I'll be out in no time!
I should have had the high ground... how did it come to this?